Hello. Hello everyone. In this video, I
want to show you how to create nice
portal like this. You can use it for our
levels.
Okay, let's go.
Okay, first thing first, go to game is
select third person. Then name the
project portal material like this. Hit
create. Once it's created.
Okay, first thing first. Uh go here to
material and uh let's create new
material. This material is portal.
Portal material empty.
Okay, there is a problem.
Uh portal m like this.
Once it's open, it select the portal
material like this. Go to the blend
mode. Uh set to translucent
shading model.
Let's change this one.
A unit is good. We have miss color
opacity word position offset.
Select the sides and make it like this.
Now to make this portal we have to
import some textures and nodes. Let's
begin with textures
texture sample.
First one
duplicate this texture.
Once it's selected go down here to the
texture and select choose a noise
texture.
Choose one of this noise. Let's say T
01. this one. For the second one, let's
choose another texture. Noise texture.
Okay. Erllusion.
Not good. Let's choose another
noise
ting noise five. I think it's good.
Okay. After that we have to import
vector rad value
vector
to radial value to
radian value from the rad coordinate is
let's multiply it
by a vector to constant
constant to vector
Okay, drag this one to the UV.
After that, we have to blend those
textures to a node. Call it blend
screen. Blend screen. From the red
channel,
okay, red channel to other texture.
After that, Ctrl C and Ctrl V. Copy all
of those like this.
For this for constant x and y, we have
to add some values. For the x, I choose
three.
Y value is one.
Uh for the next one, texture, let's
choose x value is two.
Y value is one.
Okay, for now, I think it's good.
Let's add another node radial gradient
exponential
gradient for the gradient color.
Going to use this one.
Okay.
From this let's add step note
for the yaxis.
this one for the y and for this one grad
exponential
is for the x-axis.
Okay. After that let's add
a constant
and add default value 0.5.
Let's add this one
added
to this radius first of all. Second from
the add node
let's duplicate this one. Ctrl Ctrl +
Vlicate
this one radius
uh radial granded exponential
from this step uh node
let's add another step note
first of all let's subscri
uh subtract subtract this from another
step note
step node. From this step node, let's
add this one to the xaxis.
From the result of the blend, let's add
it right here.
Uh the process is very complex. Let's
see. We can see the result at the final
uh step.
Now from this one let's create vector
three vector 3 constant
for double click here and let's choose
color for this vector I think blue is
good
and this color we have to multiply it
from the B here subscribe
and let's go here
and drag it to the emissive color.
From this step, let's add the opacity.
Hit apply.
Okay. And let's see what's happened.
Now let's create plane.
Go here to shapes plane.
Rotate it to this axis - 90° in this
direction. 90° in this direction.
And make it like this.
Okay. Let's see.
It works or not?
What's the problem? It's not working.
And let's let's see why it's not
working. Okay. I turn here to portal
back to LA. Okay. Good. Good.
I think we have forget to add another
note panel node.
Drag this here.
Ctrl Ctrl + V.
This one
and this place.
Uh for this speed, let's set 0.1
and this one minus 0.5.
Second one minus
0.1
0.5.
Okay, let's see.
change the color.
Okay, let's apply it. And let's see. Hit
apply.
Z return to the level. Look,
it's like a nice black border.
Let's
make it bigger.
Okay, thank you guys for watching this
all for this tutorial.
See you later on in the next tutorial.
Subscribe, like, and comment.